Add pointer to docs about kibana.yml settings (#821)
elastic/observability-docs: docs/en/ingest-management/fleet/fleet-settings.asciidoc

beta[]

NOTE: The settings described here are configurable through the {fleet} UI. There

> are additional settings available in the `kibana.yml` that control {fleet}

Reviewer: "in the `kibana.yml`" sounds funny to me

Reviewer: Much better IMO 👍

> NOTE: The settings described here are configurable through the {fleet} UI. There
> are additional settings available in the `kibana.yml` that control {fleet}
> behavior. For more information, refer to
> {kibana-ref}/fleet-settings-kb.html[{fleet} settings in {kib}].

Author: ```suggestion
NOTE: The settings described here are configurable through the {fleet} UI. Refer to
{kibana-ref}/fleet-settings-kb.html[{fleet} settings in {kib}] for a list of
settings that you can configure in the `kibana.yml` configuration file.
```
